“Either you run the day or the day runs you.”– Jim Rohn
“Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!“– David Dweck
“You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.”– George Lorimer
“Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.”– Wayne Dyer
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.”– Zig Ziglar
“A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it’s built for.”– Albert Einstein
“Stress is caused by being ‘here' but wanting to be ‘there.'– Eckhart Tolle
“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.”– Dale Carnegie
“Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.”– Zig Ziglar
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.”– Margaret Thatcher
“Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.”– Albert Einstein
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.”– Dalai Lama
“Think of many things; do one.”– Portuguese proverb
“Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.”– John R. Wooden
“The starting point of all achievement is desire.”– Napoleon Hill
“Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.”– Brian Littrell
“Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.”– Henry Ford
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.”– Bruce Lee
“The only thing worse than starting something and failing … is not starting something.”– Seth Godin
“Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.”– Richard Branson
“For fast-acting relief, try slowing down. “– Lily Tomlin
“There is more to life than increasing its speed.”– Mahatma Gandhi
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”– Bruce Lee
“If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.”– Abraham Lincoln
“If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it.”– Olin Miller
“Winners make a habit of manufacturing their own positive expectations in advance of the event.”– Brian Tracy
“Don't mistake activity with achievement.”– John Wooden
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.”– Arthur Ashe
“Show me a person who has never made a mistake and I'll show you someone who has never achieved much.”– Joan Collins
“If you treat every situation as a life and death matter, you’ll die a lot of times.”– Dean Smith
“Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.”– Stephen King
“Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle.”– Abraham Lincoln
“I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse.”– Florence Nightingale
“Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.”– Napoleon Bonaparte
“There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.”– Roger Staubach
“Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.”– Maya Angelou
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.”– Pablo Picasso
“Everything you want is on the other side of fear.”– Jack Canfield
“Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.”– Dennis P. Kimbro
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.”– C.S. Lewis
“If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it – teach yourself to be impatient.”– Gurbaksh Chahal
“We become what we think about.”– Earl Nightingale
“New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings.”– Lao Tzu
“The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.”– Marcus Aurelius
“For success, attitude is equally as important as ability.”– Harry F. Banks
“Don’t wait. The time will never be just right.”– Napoleon Hill
“It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.”– Confucius
“Life's real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.”– Unknown
“Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.”–  Og Mandino
“Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.”– Samuel Beckett
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.”– Neale Donald Walsh
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.”– Oscar Wilde
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.”– Thomas Jefferson
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.”– Milton Berle
"The past has no power over the present moment.”– Eckhart Tolle
“The best way to succeed in this world is to act on the advice you give to others.”– Unknown
“If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams.”– Les Brown
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.”– Francis Chan
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”– Paulo Coelho
“A year from now you may wish you had started today.”– Karen Lamb
“Don’t brood. Get on with living and loving. You don’t have forever.”– Leo Buscaglia